hello here is murder again with the
first interactive video and that will be
so bad that I am now
already happy because this is almost the same
Eleven did not vote
have heard
I lead the camera with hand you can
See it in the mirror image of dark souls
yes hello and yes my ladies and
Men were the two games as at
voting really you can say so
really made very clear
history have these two games
really everything was and was
really right there you can say
what you want
until yesterday
do that sometimes just here all of a sudden
he came over and he came
so i made you away i am and mine
ladies and gentlemen that's the way it is
been unrealistic
that does not exist that was so naughty
this game is nice here before three
agree and the two divide
700 of course that was naughty, of course
and I saw that and that's why
of course not warcraft 2 than him
utterly the blumberger the ada needs
People
We do not do that to people
that does not exist and there
These two games starcraft 1 engine
as you can see down there is also with
inside and dark souls prepare to perdition
the masses
like an asian double bed
I fought with each other
decided to throw a coin who of
both now law becomes plate and then
I thought so come too stupid
angry because the manu I got there
also three displeasure or the tell her husband
usd power u
and I do not want to do that because of that
I am always doing something right
Both in this sense it will be in both
Play a spray I'll go with
dark souls I can start you
already fitter say like me
God knows that's complicated because of me
just have animal bock on it in
Have fun with dark souls
the whole thing will knot in the cable of course
also streamed the streaming live
I write you under the videos or
ii like the description inside
start today when about 20 o'clock
and I'm glad when you look train
like me at dark souls right off
shit and almost only one said it will
of course, give in accordingly
Thank you for your help
ill for the most part honest voting
and I'll tell you soon